Documentation for AWS DynamoDB guide (#14319)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/database-access/guides/dynamodb.mdx

---
title: Database Access with AWS DynamoDB
description: How to access AWS DynamoDB with Teleport.
---

> <Admonition type="note" title="Important">

Reviewer: I think we should move this guide to the Application Access section and remove this admonition. This way, we can keep all guides related to a single Teleport resource service in the same place for better discoverability (and also to illustrate all of the capabilities of Application Access).

Author: Totally agree this guide is not very coherent with other database guides and it feels like it belongs to Application Access. I believe the original reason to have this guide is customers didn't know Teleport supports `DynamoDB`. If they have been reading the application guide on AWS, they probably can figure this out already. I feel it's more natural for ppl look for a `DynamoDB` guide in `Database Access` section.

I am up for any suggestions to finalize this guide.

@ptgott @r0mant

Reviewer 2: Yeah I think it belongs among the database access guides.

Reviewer: That reasoning makes sense!

Access to AWS DynamoDB is provided by [**Teleport Application Access**](../../application-access/introduction.mdx) for AWS Console and API.
</Admonition>

This guide will help you to:

> - Install Teleport Application Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install the Teleport Application Service.
```

> - Set up Teleport to access AWS Console and API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set up Teleport to access the AWS Console and API.
```

> - Connect to your DynamoDB through Teleport.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connect to your DynamoDB databases through Teleport.
```

<ScopedBlock scope={["oss", "enterprise"]}>
![DynamoDB Self-Hosted](../../../img/database-access/guides/dynamodb_selfhosted.png)
</ScopedBlock>

<ScopedBlock scope={["cloud"]}>
![DynamoDB Cloud](../../../img/database-access/guides/dynamodb_cloud.png)
</ScopedBlock>

## Prerequisites

> - A running Teleport cluster, either self hosted or in Teleport Cloud.

Reviewer: We can remove this since this includes the `edition-prereqs-tabs.mdx` partial below.

- AWS account with DynamoDB databases.
- IAM permissions to create IAM roles.
- A host, e.g., an EC2 instance, where you will run the Teleport Application
  Service.

(!docs/pages/includes/edition-prereqs-tabs.mdx!)

(!docs/pages/includes/tctl.mdx!)

<Admonition type="tip" title="Not yet a Teleport user?">
If you have not yet deployed the Auth Service and Proxy Service, you should follow one of our [getting started guides](../getting-started.mdx) or try our Teleport Application Access [interactive learning track](https://play.instruqt.com/teleport/invite/rgvuva4gzkon).
</Admonition>

We will assume your Teleport cluster is accessible at `teleport.example.com` and `*.teleport.example.com`. You can substitute the address of your Teleport Proxy Service. (For Teleport Cloud customers, this will be similar to `mytenant.teleport.sh`.)

<Admonition type="note" title="Application Access and DNS">
(!docs/pages/includes/dns-app-access.mdx!)
</Admonition>

## Step 1/5. Create an IAM role for DynamoDB access

> The first step is to create an IAM role with desired IAM permissions that you wish to grant to a Teleport user. In this example, you will create an IAM role with full DynamoDB access. **Skip this step** if you already have the roles you want to provide access to.

Reviewer: Which IAM permissions are required for a Teleport user here? Are there any guidelines we can offer?

Author: Added one sentence that mentions some AWS-managed policies and copied a note from the original guide. Not sure if this is clearer. Or let me any suggestions. Thanks.

Now go to the IAM -> Access Management ->

> [Roles](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iamv2/home#/roles), then press Create Role.

Reviewer: I think we can replace this entire flow with this link, e.g., "Now visit the [Roles page] of the AWS Console..."

> Select the "AWS account" option which creates a default [trust

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the "AWS account" option, which creates a default [trust
```

> policy](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/how-to-use-trust-policies-with-iam-roles/)

Reviewer: I think we can remove this link to avoid breaking the reader's flow

> to allow other entities in this account to assume this role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to allow other entities in this account to assume this role:
```

![Create Role Step 1](../../../img/database-access/guides/dynamodb-create-role-1.png)

> Press Next. Find the AWS managed policy `AmazonDynamoDBFullAccess` by Filter and then select the policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Press Next. Find the AWS-managed policy `AmazonDynamoDBFullAccess` and then select the policy.
```

![Create Role Step 2](../../../img/database-access/guides/dynamodb-create-role-2.png)

> Press Next. Enter a role name and press Create role.

Reviewer: I think it would be a bit clearer to use either bold formatting or double quotes to separate the link text the reader should click on from the rest of the text.

![Create Role Step 3](../../../img/database-access/guides/dynamodb-create-role-3.png)

## Step 2/5. Configure Teleport IAM role mapping
The next step is to give your Teleport users permissions to assume IAM roles in
your Teleport cluster.

> You can do this by creating a role with the `aws_role_arns` field listing all IAM

Reviewer: I found this sentence a bit hard to parse. Is there another way to phrase it?

Author: I removed the last part as I think the information is repeated.

role ARNs this particular role permits its users to assume:

```yaml
kind: role
version: v5
metadata:
  name: aws-dynamodb-access
spec:
  allow:
    app_labels:
      '*': '*'
    aws_role_arns:
    - arn:aws:iam::123456789000:role/ExampleTeleportDynamoDBRole
```

> The `aws_role_arns` field supports template variables so they can be populated

Reviewer: If this paragraph isn't necessary for following the instructions in this tutorial, I think we can either remove it, move the link to the "Next steps" section, or add it to a `Details` box.

dynamically based on your users' identity provider attributes. See [Role
Templates](../../access-controls/guides/role-templates.mdx) for details.

> Now assign this role to the Teleport users you wish to grant the AWS

Reviewer: I think we should rephrase this to a sentence that is more directly related to this guide:

```markdown
Now assign this role to the Teleport users you wish to
grant access to DynamoDB.
```

application access.

## Step 3/5. Install Teleport Application Service

### Generate a token

> A join token is required to authorize a Teleport Application Service agent to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A join token is required to authorize a Teleport Application Service instance to
```
Since some prospective users balk at "agent"

join the cluster. Generate a short-lived join token and save the output of the
command:

```code
$ tctl tokens add \
    --type=app \
    --app-name=aws-dynamodb \
    --app-uri=https://console.aws.amazon.com/dynamodbv2/home
```

The output should contain a `teleport app start` command that can be used to
start the Teleport Application Service in the next step.

> ### Install and Start Teleport

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install and start Teleport
```

Install Teleport on the host where you will run the Teleport Application
Service. See our [Installation](../../installation.mdx) page for options
besides Linux servers.

(!docs/pages/includes/install-linux.mdx!)

Now start Teleport Application Service using the output from the previous step:

```code
$ teleport app start \
   --token=<token> \
   --ca-pin=<ca-pin> \
   --auth-server=https://teleport.example.com:443 \
   --name=aws-dynamodb \
   --uri=https://console.aws.amazon.com/dynamodbv2/home
```

## Step 4/5. Give Teleport permissions to assume roles

Next, attach the following policy to the IAM role or IAM user the Teleport

> Application Service agent is using, which allows the Teleport agent to assume

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Application Service instance is using, which allows the Application Service to assume
```

the IAM roles:

```yaml
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Action": "sts:AssumeRole",
      "Resource": "*"
    }
  ]
}
```

<Admonition type="tip">
You can make the policy more strict by providing specific IAM role resource

> ARNs in the Resource field instead of using a wildcard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ARNs in the "Resource" field instead of using a wildcard.
```

</Admonition>

## Step 5/5. Connect

Once the Application Service has started and joined the cluster, you can start
connecting to your DynamoDB database.

### Using AWS Management Console

> First log in to the Teleport Web Interface at https://teleport.example.com (replace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First log in to the Teleport Web UI at `https://teleport.example.com` (replace
```

with your Proxy Service's public address).

Navigate to the Applications tab in your Teleport cluster's control panel and

> click on the Launch button for the AWS DynamoDB application which will bring up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
click on the Launch button for the AWS DynamoDB application. This will bring up
```

an IAM role selector:

![IAM role selector](../../../img/database-access/guides/dynamodb-select-iam-role.png)

Click on the role you want to assume and you will get redirected to the AWS

> management console, signed in with the selected role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Management Console, signed in with the selected role.
```

In the console's top-right corner you should see that you're logged in through
federated login and the name of your assumed IAM role:

![Federated login](../../../img/database-access/guides/dynamodb-federated-login.png)

Note that your federated login session is marked with your Teleport username.

### Using AWS CLI

> Before beginning this step, make sure that the `aws` command line interface (CLI) tool is installed in PATH. For more information, read [Installing or updating the latest version of the AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-install.html).

Reviewer: Should this be in the Prerequisites section?

Now, log into the previously configured AWS DynamoDB app on your desktop:

```code
$ tsh app login --aws-role ExampleTeleportDynamoDBRole aws-dynamodb
Logged into AWS app aws. Example AWS CLI command:

$ tsh aws s3 ls
```

The `--aws-role` flag allows you to specify the AWS IAM role to assume when

> accessing AWS API. You can either provide a role name like `--aws-role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
accessing the AWS API. You can either provide a role name like `--aws-role
```

> ExampleTeleportDynamoDBRole` or a full role ARN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ExampleTeleportDynamoDBRole` or a full role ARN like
```

> `arn:aws:iam::123456789000:role/ExampleTeleportDynamoDBRole`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`arn:aws:iam::123456789000:role/ExampleTeleportDynamoDBRole`.
```

Now you can use the `tsh aws` command like the native `aws` command-line tool:

```code
$ tsh aws dynamodb list-tables
```

> To log out of the aws application and remove credentials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To log out of the `aws` application and remove credentials:
```

```code
$ tsh app logout aws-dynamodb
```

### Using other DynamoDB applications

First, log into the previously configured AWS DynamoDB app if you haven't

> already done so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
already done so:
```

```code
$ tsh app login --aws-role ExampleTeleportDynamoDBRole aws-dynamodb
```

To connect your DynamoDB application, you can start either a local HTTPS proxy
or a local AWS Service Endpoint proxy.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem label="HTTPS proxy">
  By default, starting the AWS app proxy creates a local HTTPS proxy server

>   that forwards received AWS requests to Teleport backend for AWS application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  that forwards AWS requests to the Teleport Proxy Service, enabling you to access AWS applications.
```

>   access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  Now, use the following command to start the proxy your applications will be
  connecting to:

  ```code
  $ tsh proxy aws -p 23456
  Started AWS proxy on http://127.0.0.1:23456.

  Use the following credentials and HTTPS proxy setting to connect to the proxy:
    AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=8cd7ce58b871425e2e05
    AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=0e08deb6ceb7538754567286922e7ada75021c40
    AWS_CA_BUNDLE=/Users/sampleuser/.tsh/keys/teleport.example.com/alice-app/teleport.example.com/aws-dynamodb-localca.pem
    HTTPS_PROXY=http://127.0.0.1:23456
  ```

  Use the displayed AWS credentials and HTTPS proxy settings when configuring
  your application.

>   For example, you can configure the AWS credentials and the HTTPS proxy as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example, you can assign the AWS credentials and the HTTPS proxy address to
```

>   environment variables for AWS SDK for Python:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  environment variables for the Python AWS SDK:
```

  ```code
  $ export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=8cd7ce58b871425e2e05
  $ export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=0e08deb6ceb7538754567286922e7ada75021c40
  $ export AWS_CA_BUNDLE=/Users/sampleuser/.tsh/keys/teleport.example.com/alice-app/teleport.example.com/aws-dynamodb-localca.pem
  $ export HTTPS_PROXY=http://127.0.0.1:23456
  $ python3
  >>> import boto3
  >>> boto3.client('dynamodb').list_tables()
  {'TableNames': ['my-dynamodb-table'], 'ResponseMetadata': {...}}

  ```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem label="AWS Service Endpoint proxy">

>   If your application cannot use a HTTPS proxy, start the AWS app proxy with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If your application cannot use an HTTPS proxy, start the AWS app proxy with
```

  the `--endpoint-url` flag to create a local server that can be used as an [AWS

>   Service Endpoint](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html):

Reviewer: I think we should move this link to the "Next steps" section to avoid breaking the reader's flow

  ```code
  $ tsh proxy aws --endpoint-url -p 23457
  Started AWS proxy which serves as an AWS endpoint URL at https://localhost:23457

  In addition to the endpoint URL, use the following credentials to connect to the proxy:
    AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=8cd7ce58b871425e2e05
    AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=0e08deb6ceb7538754567286922e7ada75021c40
    AWS_CA_BUNDLE=/Users/sampleuser/.tsh/keys/teleport.example.com/alice-app/teleport.example.com/aws-dynamodb-localca.pem
  ```

  For example, to connect the GUI tool

>   [dynamodb-admin](https://github.com/aaronshaf/dynamodb-admin) to the local

Reviewer: Same with this link

Author: I removed this link. It's a third-party tool so I think it's weird to have it in "Next Steps" section. The link is the first result google returns when searching `dynamodb-admin` so should be okay not to have the link.

  AWS Service Endpoint proxy:
  ```code
  $ export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=8cd7ce58b871425e2e05
  $ export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=0e08deb6ceb7538754567286922e7ada75021c40
  $ export NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS=/Users/sampleuser/.tsh/keys/teleport.example.com/alice-app/teleport.example.com/aws-dynamodb-localca.pem
  $ export DYNAMO_ENDPOINT=https://127.0.0.1:23457
  $ dynamodb-admin
  database endpoint:     https://127.0.0.1:23457
  region:                ca-central-1
  accessKey:             8cd7ce58b871425e2e05

  dynamodb-admin listening on http://localhost:8001 (alternatively http://0.0.0.0:8001)
  ```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> To log out of the aws application and remove credentials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To log out of the `aws-dynamodb` application and remove credentials:
```

```code
$ tsh app logout aws-dynamodb
```

## Next steps

> - Take a closer look at [AWS Management and API with Teleport Application Access](../../application-access/guides/aws-console.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- More information on [AWS Management and API with Teleport Application Access](../../application-access/guides/aws-console.mdx).
```

---
title: Database Access with AWS DynamoDB
description: How to access AWS DynamoDB with Teleport.
---

> <Admonition type="note" title="Important">

Reviewer: I think it's okay to remove this Admonition. We can work this information into the introductory content.

Access to AWS DynamoDB is provided by [**Teleport Application Access**](../../application-access/introduction.mdx) for AWS Console and API.
</Admonition>

This guide will help you to:
- Install the Teleport Application Service.

> - Set up Teleport to access the AWS Console and API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set up the Teleport Application Service to access the AWS Console and API.
```

> - Connect to your DynamoDB databases through Teleport.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connect to your DynamoDB databases through the Teleport Application Service.
```

![DynamoDB Self-Hosted](../../../img/database-access/guides/dynamodb_selfhosted.png)
</ScopedBlock>

<ScopedBlock scope={["cloud"]}>
![DynamoDB Cloud](../../../img/database-access/guides/dynamodb_cloud.png)
</ScopedBlock>

## Prerequisites

- AWS account with DynamoDB databases.
- IAM permissions to create IAM roles.
- `aws` (AWS Command Line Interface) installed and added to your system's
  `PATH` environment variable.
- A host, e.g., an EC2 instance, where you will run the Teleport Application
  Service.

(!docs/pages/includes/edition-prereqs-tabs.mdx!)

(!docs/pages/includes/tctl.mdx!)

<Admonition type="tip" title="Not yet a Teleport user?">
If you have not yet deployed the Auth Service and Proxy Service, you should follow one of our [getting started guides](../getting-started.mdx) or try our Teleport Application Access [interactive learning track](https://play.instruqt.com/teleport/invite/rgvuva4gzkon).
</Admonition>

We will assume your Teleport cluster is accessible at `teleport.example.com` and `*.teleport.example.com`. You can substitute the address of your Teleport Proxy Service. (For Teleport Cloud customers, this will be similar to `mytenant.teleport.sh`.)

> <Admonition type="note" title="Application Access and DNS">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Admonition type="note" title="Application Access and DNS" scope={["oss", "enterprise"]} scopeOnly>
```
Suggested hiding this for Cloud users so they don't create unnecessary DNS records.

(!docs/pages/includes/dns-app-access.mdx!)
</Admonition>

## Step 1/5. Create an IAM role for DynamoDB access

> The first step is to create an IAM role with desired IAM permissions that you

Reviewer: I still think this paragraph isn't specific enough as to which permissions a user should grant. Are there any minimum permissions we can list? 

I would suggest rephrasing this step to tell the reader to define a role with the minimum required permissions, list what these are, then include a `Details` box (or some other aside) indicating that a reader can add more permissions to the role. We should also mention some situations in which the reader would want to define a more permissive role.

**An alternative** would be to remove Step 1 and add an item to the Prerequisites list for an IAM role for DynamoDB access. Since the current instructions are telling the reader to create any role with DynamoDB permissions, I think those instructions basically amount to a prerequisite.

Author: @ptgott. I believe what minimum permissions to include is very subjective to the use case. For example, if a DevOp only needs to see what tables are there, then it could be a single `ListTables`. Or if a developer is working on a specific table, the policy can restrict like `GetItem/PutItem` to that specific resource. So it's hard to come up with a list of "common" minimum required permissions.

For readers who are very experienced with AWS IAM, they should be able to refine the permissions without extra instructions here.

For those readers that are not familiar with IAM, these pre-defined AWS-mangaed policies are the easiest.

I rephrased a little bit but not sure if makes a little better. I am up for any suggestions.

Thanks!

Reviewer: One issue with this approach is that, for a user who's not familiar with IAM, the instructions are vague. The only advice for setting up RBAC is:

> For access to DynamoDB, AWS provides IAM polices like AmazonDynamoDBReadOnlyAccess and AmazonDynamoDBFullAccess that can be incorporated in to roles. This example will create an IAM role with the AmazonDynamoDBFullAccess policy. Nonetheless, you can also use other AWS-managed polices or your own custom polices depending on your circumstances.

A beginner to IAM would need to know which specific policies to add, which requires finding an IAM policy reference on their own. If the user needs to find additional docs anyway, I would rather list a few good links in the Prerequisites section than include incomplete instructions in one of the steps.

What would you think of this alternative?
- Removing the first three paragraphs of this section and preserving the instructions to use the predefined `AmazonDynamoDBFullAccess` policy
- If this policy is too permissive for production, saying so in an Admonition at the end of this section and linking to an IAM policy reference

Author: I think this way greatly simplifies the step. I have updated this section please take another look. Thanks so much for working through this!

`AmazonDynamoDBFullAccess`. **Skip this step** if you already have the roles
you want to provide access to.

<Admonition type="note">
These policies may provide too much or not enough access for your intentions.
Validate these meet your expectations if you plan on using them.
</Admonition>

Now visit the [Roles page](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iamv2/home#/roles) of
the AWS Console, then press "Create Role".

Select the "AWS account" option, which creates a default trust policy to allow
other entities in this account to assume this role:

![Create Role Step 1](../../../img/database-access/guides/dynamodb-create-role-1.png)

Press "Next". Find the AWS-managed policy `AmazonDynamoDBFullAccess` and then select the policy:

![Create Role Step 2](../../../img/database-access/guides/dynamodb-create-role-2.png)

Press "Next". Enter a role name and press "Create role":

![Create Role Step 3](../../../img/database-access/guides/dynamodb-create-role-3.png)

## Step 2/5. Configure Teleport IAM role mapping
The next step is to give your Teleport users permissions to assume IAM roles in
your Teleport cluster.

You can do this by creating a Teleport role with the `aws_role_arns` field

> listing the IAM role ARN created in the previous step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
listing the IAM role ARN created in the previous step:
```

```yaml
kind: role
version: v5
metadata:
  name: aws-dynamodb-access
spec:
  allow:
    app_labels:
      '*': '*'
    aws_role_arns:
    - arn:aws:iam::123456789000:role/ExampleTeleportDynamoDBRole
```

> <Details title="Templating `aws_role_arns`" opened={false}>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Details title="Templating aws_role_arns" opened={false}>
```
Backticks aren't rendered in Details box titles

The `aws_role_arns` field supports template variables so they can be populated
dynamically based on your users' identity provider attributes. See [Role
Templates](../../access-controls/guides/role-templates.mdx) for details.
</Details>

Now assign this role to the Teleport users you wish to grant access to
DynamoDB.

> ## Step 3/5. Install Teleport Application Service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 3/5. Install the Teleport Application Service
```

### Generate a token

A join token is required to authorize a Teleport Application Service instance
to join the cluster. Generate a short-lived join token and save the output of
the command:

```code
$ tctl tokens add \
    --type=app \
    --app-name=aws-dynamodb \
    --app-uri=https://console.aws.amazon.com/dynamodbv2/home
```

The output should contain a `teleport app start` command that can be used to
start the Teleport Application Service in the next step.

### Install and start Teleport
Install Teleport on the host where you will run the Teleport Application
Service. See our [Installation](../../installation.mdx) page for options
besides Linux servers.

(!docs/pages/includes/install-linux.mdx!)

> Now start Teleport Application Service using the output from the previous step:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now start the Teleport Application Service using the output from the previous step:
```

```code
$ teleport app start \

>    --token=<token> \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   --token=(=presets.tokens.first=) \
```

>    --ca-pin=<ca-pin> \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   --ca-pin=(=presets.ca_pin=) \
```

`arn:aws:iam::123456789000:role/ExampleTeleportDynamoDBRole`.

Now you can use the `tsh aws` command like the native `aws` command-line tool:

```code
$ tsh aws dynamodb list-tables
```

To log out of the `aws-dynamodb` application and remove credentials:

```code
$ tsh app logout aws-dynamodb
```

### Using other DynamoDB applications

First, log into the previously configured AWS DynamoDB app if you haven't
already done so:

```code
$ tsh app login --aws-role ExampleTeleportDynamoDBRole aws-dynamodb
```

To connect your DynamoDB application, you can start either a local HTTPS proxy
or a local AWS Service Endpoint proxy.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem label="HTTPS proxy">
  By default, starting the AWS app proxy creates a local HTTPS proxy server
  that forwards AWS requests to the Teleport Proxy Service, enabling you to
  access AWS applications.

  Now, use the following command to start the proxy your applications will be
  connecting to:

  ```code
  $ tsh proxy aws -p 23456
  Started AWS proxy on http://127.0.0.1:23456.

  Use the following credentials and HTTPS proxy setting to connect to the proxy:
    AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=<access-key-id>
    AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=<secret-access-key>

>     AWS_CA_BUNDLE=<ca-bundle-path>

Author: Suggested from other PR to use a placeholder instead of some random hash. Is this way like `<xxx-xx>` ok for the placeholder? or i can do the fake version like `aaaaa-bbbb-cccc"

---
title: Database Access with AWS DynamoDB
description: How to access AWS DynamoDB with Teleport.
---

Access to AWS DynamoDB is provided by [**Teleport Application

> Access**](../../application-access/introduction.mdx) for AWS Console and API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access**](../../application-access/introduction.mdx) for the AWS Console and API.
```

This guide will help you to:
- Install the Teleport Application Service.
- Set up the Teleport Application Service to access the AWS Console and API.
- Connect to your DynamoDB databases through the Teleport Application Service.

<ScopedBlock scope={["oss", "enterprise"]}>
![DynamoDB Self-Hosted](../../../img/database-access/guides/dynamodb_selfhosted.png)
</ScopedBlock>

<ScopedBlock scope={["cloud"]}>
![DynamoDB Cloud](../../../img/database-access/guides/dynamodb_cloud.png)
</ScopedBlock>

## Prerequisites

- AWS account with DynamoDB databases.
- IAM permissions to create IAM roles.

> - `aws` (AWS Command Line Interface) installed and added to your system's

Reviewer: Should "system's" be "shell's"?

Author: This is a very tricky one. Most of DB guides use `your system's PATH`. I think you are right most people updates `PATH` in their profile/shell. Though technically you can also update system's PATH. And, for windows, system's PATH is the only option.

I updated the line to
```
- `aws` Command Line Interface (CLI) tool installed in PATH.
```

What do you think?
